slmgr, slmgr.vbs: add page (#8201)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/slmgr.md

# slmgr

> Install, activate, and manage Windows licenses.
> This command may override, deactivate, and/or remove your current Windows license. Please proceed with caution.
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/get-started/activation-slmgr-vbs-options>.

> - [D]isplay the current Windows [l]icense [i]nformation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the current Windows [l]icense [i]nformation:
```
If options are case insensitive everything is right, otherwise please address this comment. The same applies for other similar comments.

Reviewer 2: We could use `[d]isplay` tough. We do that in quite a few pages.

Reviewer: I am not sure what we have to choose here. If there is no formal rule for this it must be written. :)

Author: Windows command-line programs commonly adopt one of these three different parameter conventions:

+ The convention deriving from DOS where all parameters are used using forward slashes, such as `cd {{path/to/directory}} /d` to switch directories. `slmgr.vbs` uses this convention.
+ The Unix-like convention as accepted by many major, cross-platform apps, such as `firefox --profile profile1` and `git --help`.
+ The PowerShell convention where long parameters are also using single dash instead of 2 in Unix, like `Invoke-WebRequest -Method Post -Body @{ name='bob' } http://example.com/form`

The usage of mnemonic hints here is intended as some commands, including Windows commands which are derived from the DOS days, often do not include long parameter formats (such as `--help` instead of `-h`) which [we encourage writers to do so](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md).

I also encourage the use of that for #8200 as well. Maybe we should open a separate issue about standardizing these hints.

Reviewer: > while [we encourage writers to use long parameter formats as possible](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md).

Unfortunately there is no formal rules written for this now. It's better to write rules for everything whenever possible because new comers can be confused when we require them to use long options when there is no such requirement in style guide. 😄 I think I can fill this space in guides.

Author: Already created an issue for that in #8304

`slmgr /dli`

> - [D]isplays the ins[t]allation [I]D for the current device. Useful for offline license activation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Displays the ins[t]allation ID for the current device. Useful for offline license activation:
```

`/dti` is not a single letter option to highlight it's first letter in the description. The same applies for other similar comments.

Reviewer 2: While it is a little ugly here, we could also use `[i]D`.

`slmgr /dti`

> - Display the current license's e[xp]i[r]ation date and time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the current license's expiration date and time:
```

`slmgr /xpr`

> - [I]nstalls a new Windows license [p]roduct [k]ey. Requires Administrator priviledges and will override your existing license:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Installs a new Windows license product key. Requires Administrator priviledges and will override your existing license:
```

What about to join this sample with `slmgr /upk`?

> `slmgr /ipk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`slmgr /ipk {{product_key}}`
```

> - [A]c[t]ivate the Windows product license [o]nline. Requires Administrator priviledges to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Activate the Windows product license online. Requires Administrator priviledges to do so:
```

`slmgr /ato`

> - [A]c[t]ivate the Windows [p]roduct license offline. Requires Administrator priviledges and an Confirmation ID provided by Microsoft Product Activation Center:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Activate the Windows product license offline. Requires Administrator priviledges and an Confirmation ID provided by Microsoft Product Activation Center:
```

`slmgr /atp {{confirmation_id}}`

> - [C]lears the current license's [p]roduct [k]e[y] from the Windows Registry. This will not deactivate or uninstall the current license, but prevent the key from being stolen by malicious programs in the future:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clears the current license's product key from the Windows Registry. This will not deactivate or uninstall the current license, but prevent the key from being stolen by malicious programs in the future:
```

`slmgr /cpky`

> - [U]ninstall the current license (by its [p]roduct [k]ey):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uninstall the current license (by its product key):
```

# slmgr

> > This command is an alias of `slmgr.vbs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This command is an alias of `slmgr.vbs`.
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/get-started/activation-slmgr-vbs-options>.
```

Author: Is there any reason to put more information things into this alias page?

Reviewer: There are 2 reasons:

- current style guide [requires](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#aliases) this alias page template (but it can be modified)
- it's faster to open manual when it's in alias page
